Project Name: CCNAV

Description:



Table of Contents: 


Installation:



Usage:



Contributing:



Credits: 



License:
LLNL-CODE- 826840

Copyright (c) MMXII, Thomas J Bradley
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

 - Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

 - Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

 - Neither the name of Thomas J Bradley nor the names of its contributors may
   be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
   specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.




Notes:
# OptVis: Visualization of Binary Code

OptVis takes as input the source file, dot file, and the JSON analysis file generated by optparser.

OptVis uses JS for the frontend and flask (python) for the backend.

## Requirements:
Flask

Install flask using the following command: 
`pip install Flask`
[Installing Flask](http://flask.pocoo.org/docs/1.0/installation/#install-flask)

# Running the code
```
export FLASK_APP=server.py
python -m flask run
```

The application runs on `http://localhost:5000/optvis/` 

## Sample input files
The sample input files for the application can be found in the `static` directory. The files are generated using the [lulesh](https://github.com/LLNL/lulesh) benchmark code. The sample files are `lulesh.cc`, `lulesh.o.dot`, and `lulesh.o.json`. 




Potential problems:
suexec failure: could not open log file., referer: https://lc.llnl.gov/lorenz_base/dev/pascal/optvis/

Answer:
Suexec Failure

As you might recall, the primary reason for getting an suexec failure is because permissions of your executables are wrong. Group permissions must NOT include write access, otherwise the suexec will fail. 

The error message you’re seeing is from suexec not being able to record the failure because the log file wasn’t available. I believe this has been fixed, but let me know if you see it again.


This means that you need to point the GetFileChoices.cgi script to the correct python virtualenvironment:
#!/usr/global/tools/lorenz/python/narf-env/bin/python

the virtual env permission were a problem one time:
This fixed the RZ GetFile.cgi issue.
chmod -R go+x /usr/global/tools/lorenz/python/optvis-env2/*

This fixed the CFG not loading issue (probably from findLoops.cgi insufficient perms) 
chmod -R go+rx /usr/global/tools/lorenz/python/optvis-env2/*


It could also mean that the persmissions are not correct:
These work:
-rwx------ 1 pascal pascal 220 Nov 15 16:26 GetFileChoices.cgi
-rwx------ 1 pascal pascal 253 Nov 15 16:26 SubmitFileChoices.cgi

This does not work:
-rw------- 1 pascal pascal 222 Nov 19 11:03 findLoops.cgi
